all new on the doctors
they were getting 15 seekers to get me
thin by summer tip number two ready yeah
looking for a cupcake oh so ride the
means well a number of the poison
someone van is their great fruit they're
loaded with potassium what is potassium
do it actually helps you rebuild muscles
it helps in protein synthesis it's great
in terms of electrolytes it has just as
much in the way of electrolytes is a lot
of post workout sports drinks so to
speak more things we love about bananas
is there is something about them the
sweetness i mean it's it's a great snack
alternative hmm well I got something
that's even better because sometimes i
get a little weirded out with the banana
texture so how about bananas that are
like ice cream that you can make
yourself so we have got then we're
banana ice cream maker okay frozen
banana you just put it in here just like
this frozen banana you're just gonna
turn it on put your stopper on give it a
little pressure and it's gonna come out
just like this just like me this is a
cabinet and I know better yet yes banana
and would you call this that's good
young Nana's yo Nana yo game is this is
fantastic but you guys like to chase
this
this is good it is fantastic we've got a
treat for them we're gonna have
everybody in the audience stasis waiters
come on out
it really tastes like it's been like an
exam is looking at ways your add to it
and it's all the been out so this is
something great is everybody liking it
so far what everybody's gonna go home
with one of their own your Nana's
yeah your partner can use other food on
to write probably here but this is
fantastic what a great way to eat
bananas please call dr another fantastic
letters get away with a break cuz this
is really good yeah finally a guilt-free
dessert this is super tasty I'm loving
it dr. Lisa thank you and stick around